---
title: REVOLUTION|4 Release 0.4.3 Alpha
date: 2020-11-24 11:30:00 -0700
categories: [Patch Notes]
tags: [v043,alpha]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

# The 'There Are FOUR LIGHTS!' Update

This update brings big changes to the early game lighting experience. You now have access to a gun, more rocks, and a complete set of Electrical Age starting equipment to get base lighting up and running. See the in-game guide (instructions for accessing below) for details on lighting. The world is also generally more peaceful. Mobs will only spawn inside caves and during events. Any bright light (including torches) will set mobs on fire.

## Pack Changes

- Monsters only spawn in light level 0 or during events. This generally renders the surface peaceful except around cave mouths or under dense trees.
- Mobs will burst into flames at light level 8 and higher. I'm still tweaking this mechanic, but generally speaking, light is your friend and a dropped torch will slowly kill off adversaries.
- Changed up the starting kit to include everything necessary for a basic Electrical Age lighting system powered by a heat furnace. This system will generate enough power to run about a dozen lights (included). Open Turrets items have been removed.
- Added a gun and ammo to the starting equipment. Pew Pew!
- Rebalanced early-game Electrical Age. In general, the recipes use Tin instead of Iron, and make use of GregTech components and tools.
- Added a Lighting Guide to the FTB Utilities Guides menu. Access it by pressing 'E' to access your inventory, then click on 'Guide' along the left edge of the inventory window.
- Made the world a tiny bit darker.
- Removed GeoStrata variations from NEI. If you're working from an existing world, you'll want to delete the NEI cache located inside your save folder (delete just the `saves\<savename>\NEI` folder, not the whole save folder). If you're not absolutely certain you're deleting the right thing, please ask for help in the Discord channel. I don't want anyone losing their precious save games. 

## Mods Added

- [INpureCore](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/inpurecore)
- [AquaTweaks](https://www.curseforge.com/minecraft/mc-mods/aquatweaks)
- [GregTech Weapon Works](https://forum.mechaenetia.com/t/gregtech-weaponworks/133/2)
- HaggleTweaks - my own mod.

## Mods Removed

- WTF CaveBiomes. Unfortunately, this mod leaks excessive amounts of memory, eventually resulting in an unplayable gaming session. It's not really needed -- was included for more underground diversity, but GeoStrata is giving some of that.